Republican Space Rangers!
Intergalactic war on terror.
We don't worry about collateral damage...
Or error!
'Cause we nuke and hate,
we're spreading freedom and liberty.
Sometimes we kill with undue glee!
Oh, is that your home?
Sorry!
We've gotta complete the mission.
Impossibly deny extraordinary expeditions.
Real American values,
sometimes you've got to bomb
an orphanage or two.
Republican Space Rangers.
With the world turning more socialist by the
day,
who do you call?
Republican Space Rangers,
They are...
Butch,
The Commander,
and Dick.
In our last episode
the Rangers bravely attempted to save America
by assassinating the president.
Elated that his approval rating shot up to
ninty-eight per-cent
President Zane pardoned the rangers
and invited them for a low calorie beer
and a workout at the white house.
I'm sorry we tried to kill you Mr President.
We didn't like ya,
'cause you're an alien,
and 'cause you's a liberal.
Well...
That's alright boys, that's alright.
I'm kind of shit-faced!
Hey, let me show you something funny.
If I tuck it between my legs,
I look like a little girl, only hairy.
Hoorah!
Well, I can guaran-Goddamn-tee you that,
that's gonna be the last time we ever get
invited back to the White House.
I'm sorry Commander.
Hey, they can always rebuild that stupid monument,
right?
Perhaps.
But they won't be able to get the wee-wee
stains
out of the First Lady's cocktail dress.
You do love a black out, Dick.
Always have.
Gentlemen, if you can stay focused
I have a dangerous mission for you.
I need you to pack this ammunition
and hand it out at the mall.
Woo-wee!
We're giving civilians live rounds.
Ex-a-fucking-lent!
Oh, no, no, no.
Our new ammunition is knowledge.
Say what?
These are military leaflets about
how knowledge is understanding.
The policy of "don't ask, you don't want to
know"
has been lifted.
Your job is to head to the mall to recruit.
The US military now allows
anyone and everyone to be a Space Ranger.
What the fuck?
Anyone?
You've got to be shitting me, egghead?
Listen up!
I will not, repeat,
will not serve with women,
or open homosexuals!
Oh, I love the mall!
If you peek over the top of the changing room,
woo-wee, it's like a live show.
I ain't handing out no fruity-cake leaflets.
I need real military, hoedown shit.
I mean, entire planets on fire,
screaming children,
you know, that sort of thing.
Also, here are you new squadmates
under our rewritten tolerance policy.
Private Luke.
Sir.
And First Sergeant Vanessa.
Commander!
A...
G-G-G-Girl?
Girls fight like kitty cats.
And a-a-a gay dude.
How am I supposed to focus on
killing the enemy's family
and burning his house down,
if I'm worried about some guy
looking at my hoo-ha!?
Now is a hoo-ha on the front or the back?
Depends, I'll show ya.
It's in the back now.
It's in the back.
I can assure you that's not an issue.
I've been in numerous theaters of war,
and won top honors
and only have one piercing.
The theater!
You queers are all the same!
Singing and dancing,
and carrying on with your
musicals and what not.
Soldiers!
Enough!
Get to your bunks!
Reveille at oh-six-hundred hours.
Mall at oh-nine-hundred.
Shit, we're pinned down.
Throw a grenade and I'll flank 'em.
Dick...
Yeah?
I want you.
What?
I fantasize about being physically and
emotionally intimate with you.
And rubbing things all over your...
Woah, woah, woah...
Stop right there.
Goddamn it, I knew this would happen
if they let fruits in the fucking Space Rangers.
Listen!
Your kind has no business in the military.
How does this feel?
Oh, well it's a...
It's a...
That's a fucking...
Serious distraction right there.
Up my bottom...
Take me.
Give it to me.
Oh yes!
Yes!
Dick you dumb shit, wake up.
Wake up!
Who, what, why, where, how, me?
What the hell were you dreaming about there
soldier?
Uhh...
Race cars.
Titties.
Uhh, uhh, b-b-bacon!
Bacon titties!
Uhh, an idealized vision of the past.
I sure as hell hope so son,
especially the latter.
Now, you get your ass moving.
We've got to report to the recruitment kiosk
at the mall.
Say, ain't this beautiful?
It is beautiful, son.
About the most Goddamn beautiful thing I've
ever seen.
You see it's what we spend all these months
and years fighting for.
Freedom.
I'm speaking of a freedom to buy
lots of plastic-rack-crap
made in foreign countries
by adorable slant eyed kids in sweatshops.
Crap that breaks and is instantly out of date,
and the very act of buying it makes us feel
inadequate,
because we can't afford the more expensive,
or up to date version
no matter how much fucking debt we take on!
It's the only kind of freedom that matters.
And how!
Maybe not the only kind.
Come on boys!
Let's get this lame-ass mission over and done
with.
Hand out these leaflets in an efficient and
responsible manner.
Then get back to the base as soon as possible
and
try to get deployed on a serious combat mission.
You token fruit malingerer.
Listen up...
What we'll do, boys, is hand out these here
leaflets
in an efficient and responsible manner.
Then get our keisters back to base as soon
as possible
to try to get on another serious combat mission.
Yes sir!
Hay!
You!
You look queer.
You're reading and it ain't even a porno.
Have a leaflet.
Just like I thought...
A rabble-rousing pinko!
Soldier, I'm recommending you for a medal.
But that man.
And you, I had about enough of you.
What do you mean?
I...
Jesus!
Scramble!
Buster, buster, this is foxtrot, delta, bravo,
leader, repeat.
Foxtrot, delta, bravo, leader.
We got a KIA at the mall, here.
Ah shit, insurgents are all over us.
We're going for immediate backup.
Send them in, send them in.
Yee-ha!
Get some, get some!
We got Charlie all over our asses on this
hill!
Free men are dying out here!
You want some?
Yeah!
We're gonna need an airstrike!
Fifty points, that's fifty points!
Yeah!
The apocalypse is coming!
Will it be aliens, zombies,
or a global financial meltdown?
Whatever it is, you need to be prepared.
Get your complete apocalypse kit at Ammu-Nation.
Contains food stuffs,
and alcohol for three months.
A massive array of armaments,
cartons of cigarettes to trade with roadside
wanderers,
the apocalypse kit contains birth control
so you don't create any more mouths to feed,
pornography,
water purifiers so you can drink your own
urine
and cyanide pills so you can go out like a
man.
When a million zombies come running over the
hill,
you'll be really pissed you didn't buy enough
bullets.
Don't dial 911!
Dial 3-5-7.
Ammu-Nation,
protecting your rights!
He was a brave ranger,
and now he's gone.
And that's what happens when we get
sent in to tough combat situations
with inadequate support,
due to congress being run by liberals,
and pseudo-liberals,
and pseudo-people who hate pseudo-fucking-America.
Sure, the boy was a butt-pirate,
well he died like one too.
And anyone who says the Space Rangers
won't let queers get shot in the line of duty
is simply a bigot,
not living in this here century.
But just so we're clear,
straight boys did an even better job.
But what about reports of innocent people
getting caught in the crossfire?
Fuck that!
That is category-one bullshit, ma'am!
What kind of innocent person
comes to a friggin' shopping mall?
Anyway, that's all I've got time for,
I gotta go and take a dump.
God bless this country.
Excuse me, Commander.
Commander, Eleanor Von Sawington.
If I may?
You boys, you did great out there.
Well we was just...
We was just doing our duty.
You just might be perfect for the new movement
brewing.
You know, I think I'm about ready for a movement
and I need to do my duty.
Is it like a club?
I like clubs.
Secret handshakes, rituals, and crackers.
and walking like pachyderms.
Yes, yes.
It's kind of like that.
You know, you have to be careful gentlemen.
Without knowing it you are supporting the
liberal agenda.
That is determined to destroy America
for reasons none of us can ever articulate,
but it has something to do with them being
over-educated and looking down on hardworking
people like us.
So much so they want to patronize them
by giving them opportunity.
And how?
It's a terrible shame, ma'am.
Well, all I am saying is you all need to come
to a meeting.
We will give you some real leaflets to hand
out.
Okay.
See if I can remember my reading...
It says here...
Do you hate foreigners?
Do you hate progress?
Do you hate giving money to people who do
nothing to deserve it?
Then you may be perfect for The Coffee Grinder.
That is right.
And with that, it's back to you, Bruce, in
the bunker.
I mean studio.
Say what?
Don't worry, don't worry.
You are among friends now.
Thank God for that.
Friend!
Public education is socialism.
Well, well, well.
Just look at all these honest,
hardworking folk expressing their
God-given views.
Hey, and they're handing out free beers
and chicken wings!
I'll tell you what, this is my kind of rally
right here.
It's even more fun than that one where we
wore
them silly hoods.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Hey boys, shout this.
Why, you'll fit in and feel manly.
Well, thank you, sir.
Who do we hate?
Ourselves.
What are we doing?
Giving tax breaks to the rich!
What do we hate?
Equality.
What are we doing?
Fucking ourselves in the can!
Woo!
I'll tell you what, this is just great.
Everyone's pulling together for the good of
the nation.
I am turtling something fierce.
I got a pebble poking out.
I could use a comfort station as well.
That chimmy-chonger's blasting through me
at hyper speed.
Man, we're all going to the bathroom together
like girls.
Well, Edmond, this just might work.
Yes, Fitzgerald, yes.
After our last successful campaign,
anything is possible.
And I say to you, that what we need
is more Christmases and Thanksgiving.
I wanna get basted.
Now, who's with me?
Now, you and me need to find the perfect patriotic
halfwit
to ground as our coffee grinder candidate
for President.
Which we'll back with a billion dollars,
and take ownership of Congress and the White
House,
and deregulate to our heart's content.
You have a heart brother.
You softie.
Oh, my bowels.
Where did those assholes go?
Man, I'm gonna drop a bomb out my ass
that would melt the city in to glass.
The Coffee Grinder party is about turning
public schools in to shoe factories.
And...
Uh, sir...
Excuse me, sir...
What are you doing?
Sir...
Oh my God!
Hey, ain't that the fellow that tried to
assassinate the President,
urinated on the First Lady and
blew up the Washington Monument?
And now he's literally taking a crap on the
United States Capitol.
I think we may have found our candidate, brother.
Will the creepy billionaire brothers
hatch their evil scheme?
Will Dick become the next President of the
United States?
Will Butch become the First Lady?
Find out next time, only on...
Republican Space Rangers.